add hyper drive fee section (#916)
filecoin-project/filecoin-docs: docs/mine/lotus/miner-configuration.md

  MaxPublishDealsFee = "0.05 FIL"
  MaxMarketBalanceAddFee = "0.007 FIL"
  [Fees.MaxPreCommitBatchGasFee]
      Base = "0 FIL"
      PerSector = "0.02 FIL"
  [Fees.MaxCommitBatchGasFee]
      Base = "0 FIL"
      PerSector = "0.03 FIL" 

```

> Depending on the network congestion, the base fee for a transaction may grow or decrease. Your gas limits will have to be larger than the base fee for the messages to be included. A very large max fee can, however, result in the quick burning of funds when the base fees are very high, as the miner automatically submits messages during normal operation, so be careful about this. It is also necessary to have more funds available than any max fee set, even if the actual fee will be far less than the max fee set.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Depending on the network congestion, the base fee for a message may grow or decrease. Your gas limits will have to be larger than the base fee for the messages to be included. A very large max fee can, however, result in the quick burning of funds when the base fee is very high, as the miner automatically submits messages during normal operation, so be careful about this. It is also necessary to have more funds available than any max fee set, even if the actual fee will be far less than the max fee set.
```

> Set the maximum cost you are willing to pay for onboarding **per** sector in `MaxPreCommitBatchGasFee.PerSector`/`MaxCommitBatchGasFee.PerSector` to avoid unexpected high cost. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the maximum cost you are willing to pay for onboarding **per** sector in `MaxPreCommitBatchGasFee.PerSector`/`MaxCommitBatchGasFee.PerSector` to avoid unexpected high costs. 
```

> > Note: The current `MaxCommitBatchGasFee.PerSector` is enough for 6 proof aggregation, adjust respectively according to your operation. **If the value is too low, the message may wait in the mempool longer. If you don't have enough funds, the message will not be sent.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note: The current `MaxCommitBatchGasFee.PerSector` is enough to aggregate proofs for 6 sectors. Adjust this respectively according to your operation. **If the value is too low, the message may wait in the mempool for a long while. If you don't have enough funds, the message will not be sent.**
```
